This is extreme bullshit!!
	
Welcome to Wikipedia,
the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
5,204,773 articles in English
	

    Arts
    Biography
    Geography

	

    History
    Mathematics
    Science

	

    Society
    Technology
    All portals

From today's featured article
Bockscar with temporary triangle N tail marking, on August 9, 1945, the day of its atomic bombing mission
Bockscar on August 9, 1945, the day of its atomic bombing mission

Silverplate was the codename for the United States Army Air Forces' participation in the Manhattan Project during World War II. Originally the name for the aircraft modification project for the B-29 Superfortress bomber to enable it to drop an atomic weapon, Silverplate eventually came to identify the training and operational aspects of the program as well. Modifications began in November 1943 on a prototype B-29 known as the "Pullman", used for bomb flight testing at Muroc Army Air Field in California commencing in March 1944. Seventeen production Silverplate aircraft were ordered in August 1944 for 509th Composite Group training, and to allow the 216th Army Air Forces Base Unit to test bomb configurations. In February 1945, 28 more were ordered, including Bockscar (pictured), the plane that carried out the atomic bombing of Nagasaki in August 1945. A total of 65 Silverplate B-29s were made. The use of the Silverplate codename was discontinued after the war; modifications to an additional 80 aircraft continued under a new codename, Saddletree. (Full article...)
Recently featured:

    Horace Greeley SS Washingtonian (1913) Pavo (constellation) 

    Archive By email More featured articles... 

Did you know...
Female (left) and male yellow-legged buttonquails
Female (left) and male yellow-legged buttonquails

    ... that female red-backed buttonquails and yellow-legged buttonquails (illustrated, left) rely on their mates to incubate the eggs and raise the young, and start breeding afresh with different males?
    ... that Leonid Solodkov was the last recipient of the title Hero of the Soviet Union?
    ... that the value of gambling using virtual cosmetic weapon skins for the video game Counter-Strike: Global Offensive was estimated at $2.3 billion in 2015?
    ... that María Isabel Maya Pineda won two elections in under 120 days, and three over a three-year period?
    ... that the cinema organ in Kino Babylon is the only one in Germany played at its original location?
    ... that Green Bay Packers rookie offensive lineman Kyle Murphy wore two jerseys in the same game in college?
    ... that Samiun dan Dasima (1971), which featured explicit sexuality, garnered an award for best child actor?

    Recently improved articles Start a new article Nominate an article 

		
In the news
Solar Impulse 2
Solar Impulse 2

    Solar Impulse 2 (pictured) becomes the first solar-powered aircraft to circumnavigate the Earth, completing a 16-month voyage.
    At least 19 people are killed and 26 others are injured in a stabbing incident at a disabled care home in Sagamihara, Japan.
    In cycling, Chris Froome wins his third Tour de France title.
    ISIL suicide bombers attack a peaceful protest in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing at least 80 people and injuring 260 others.
    In athletics, American sprinter Kendra Harrison breaks the 28-year-old 100 metres hurdles world record at the London Grand Prix.

Ongoing:

    Purges in Turkey Kashmir unrest 

Recent deaths:

    Jerry Doyle Miss Cleo Mollie Lowery Halil İnalcık 

On this day...

July 29
Battle of Kleidion
Battle of Kleidion

    1014 – Byzantine–Bulgarian wars: Forces of the Byzantine Empire defeated troops of the Bulgarian Empire at the Battle of Kleidion (pictured) in the Belasica Mountains near present-day Klyuch, Bulgaria.
    1858 – Japan reluctantly signed the Treaty of Amity and Commerce, an unequal treaty giving the United States various commercial and diplomatic privileges.
    1899 – The first Hague Convention, among the first formal statements of the laws of war and war crimes in international law, was signed.
    1958 – US President Dwight D. Eisenhower signed the National Aeronautics and Space Act into law, establishing a new federal non-military space agency known as NASA.
    1987 – Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and Sri Lankan President J. R. Jayewardene signed the Indo-Sri Lanka Accord in an ultimately unsuccessful attempt to resolve the ongoing Sri Lankan Civil War.

More anniversaries:

    July 28 July 29 July 30 

    Archive By email List of historical anniversaries 

    Current date: July 29, 2016 (UTC) Reload this page 

From today's featured list

    Donate to Wikipedia
    Wikipedia store

Interaction

    Help
    About Wikipedia
    Community portal
    Recent changes
    Contact page

Tools

    What links here
 
    Eesti
    Ελληνικά
    Español
    Esperanto
    Euskara
    فارسی
    Français
    Galego
    한국어
    עברית
    Hrvatski
    Italiano
    ქართული
    Latviešu
    Lietuvių
    Magyar
    Nederlands
    日本語
    Norsk bokmål
    Norsk nynorsk
    Polski
    Português
    Română
    Русский
    Slovenčina
    Slovenščina
    Српски / srpski
    Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски
    Suomi
    Svenska
    ไทย
    Tiếng Việt
    Türkçe
    Українська
    中文
    Complete list

    Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.

    Privacy policy
    About Wikipedia
    Disclaimers
    Contact Wikipedia
    Developers
    Cookie statement
    Mobile view

    Wikimedia Foundation	
    Powered by MediaWiki	


